标题：VOA慢速英语附字幕：Helping Children Too Much Is Hurting Them 

标题：VOA慢速英语附字幕：过度帮助孩子其实是伤害

听力内容：

From VOA Learning English, this is the Health & Lifestyle report.

这里是VOA健康生活频道

"Helicopter parenting" describes a style of raising children where parents are over-protective and do too much.

“直升机父母”说的就是过度帮助自己孩子的父母

The term was used for the first time in the late (nineteen) sixties. It describes parents who hover over their kids at home and at the playground like a helicopter. Today, modern technology allows these helicopter parents to hover from even far away. They can give their children directions at any moment from anywhere.

该词首次出现在19世纪60年代，用来形容向直升机一样在家里、操场对孩子过度监视和照顾的父母。今天，现代科技允许直升机父母在离家很远的地方也能无微不至的照顾自己的孩子，所以他们无时无刻不在给孩子发送指令

Author Julie Lythcott-Haims wrote a book titled How to Raise an Adult: Break Free of the Overparenting Trap and Prepare Your Kids for Success. In her book, she gives readers a closer look at this parenting style. She also explains why parents should stop it.

作家Julie Lythcott-Haims写了一本名为《如何把孩子教育成人，避免过度照顾，帮助孩子走向成功》。在她的书中，解释了这种教育方式存在的误区以及为什么不要这样做

Julie Lythcott-Haims says she experienced the effects of helicopter parenting firsthand when she worked as dean of first year students at Stanford University. The incoming students, or freshmen, she says, were very smart and accomplished on paper. But many were unable to take care of themselves.

Julie Lythcott-Haims表示：她在斯坦福头一年学习中，深刻感受到直升机父母给孩子独立生活带来的影响。许多大一新生，在学业方面表现优异，但是却缺乏自理能力

"They were turning to parents constantly for guidance, for problem solving, to have them make the choice about something."

“往往习惯向大人求助，让父母帮他们做决定”

Oftentimes, Lythcott-Haims had to remind those parents that their kids were old enough to take care of themselves. However, one evening she discovered that she too might be a helicopter mom.

实际上，Julie Lythcott-Haims提醒这些父母，他们的孩子已经有足够能力为自己做决定了，但是有一天，她突然发现自己也可能成为直升机父母当中一员

"I came home one day - my own kids were 8 and 10 at the time - and I leaned over at dinner and began cutting my 10-year-old son's meat. And I realized, 'Oh my goodness, I'm over-helping my 10-year-old. He should be able to cut his own meat! It's my job to teach him. I haven't done that.' I'm on track to being one of those parents.' I that's when I began to develop real empathy for parents and realized we're over helping with the best of intentions."

“一天我回到家里，当时我的孩子们还是8岁和10岁，我做好晚饭后，就开始帮我10岁儿子切好肉。切着切着，我突然意识到‘天啊，我居然在帮10岁的孩子切肉，他早就可以自己切了，而且我应该是教他如何切肉而不是帮他切肉，我自己都快变成直升机父母了’之后，我开始同情那些父母，其实他们只是好心办了坏事而已”

Over-parenting, she says, comes in three types:

过度照顾自己的孩子有以下3种类型

1. The over-protective parent.

1.过度保护型

"Over-protective. Parents who think the world is scary and unsafe and unpredictable. And therefore, I must protect and prevent.”

“对孩子过度保护的父母往往认为外界对于孩子来说太危险、太可怕而且不安全。因此，我必须严加防范”

2. The over-directive parent.

2.过度控制

“Second type is the over-directive type -- the parent who says, I know best what leads to success and you will do as I say. You'll study these topics, you'll do these activities and you will be highly achieving at all of it.'”

“第二类父母往往喜欢主导孩子的选择，认为孩子只要听他们的话就能走向成功。”

3. And then there is the concierge parent. The concierge at a hotel is the person who takes care of all your needs and makes your stay as perfect as can be.

3.保姆类型父母

“The third type is the concierge -- the parent who just wants to make life smoother -- from waking their kid up, to keeping track of their deadlines, to making sure they haven't forgotten anything, to having those tough conversations with the teacher to outright helping with the homework or maybe doing the homework for the kid."

“第三种父母往往尽自己一切可能让孩子过的舒服，提醒他们作业的截至时间，保证孩子没有忘记任何重要事情，对老师很苛刻要求老师尽可能帮助自己孩子做作业，甚至帮孩子做作业”

Lythcott-Haims warns this kind of parenting has many short-term wins but long-term costs that harm the child. She uses an area common to most children C a playground. Lythcott-Haims suggests letting your child get a little hurt.

Julie Lythcott-Haims警告，这种教育方式可能在短时期取得很好效果，但是长此以往对孩子 有很大伤害作用。她举了一个孩子很常去的操场的例子，让自己孩子受点挫折挺好的

"If you're at the playground next to them, if they fall or slip, you're right there to catch them and they do not suffer, you know, the bruised knee or whatever it might be. If you're helping with your kid's homework, they are going to get better grade. Those are the short-term wins. The long-term cost is -- if your kid doesn't learn how to manage their own body on a playground, which is a lesson only learned by falling a few times -- they don't learn the long-term lesson."

“如果你看着自己的孩子在操场上玩，然后他们快跌倒了，你可以及时出现扶住他们不让他们摔跤，因为摔跤可能磕伤膝盖什么的。如果你帮孩子写作业，当然他们的成绩会更好。但是这只是短暂的，从长远看，孩子可能不知道在操场上摔倒了该怎么办，因为只有很少的教训，同样的，面对长期课程，他们也不知道怎么学习”

If you do your child's homework, it will be perfect. That is what she calls the short-term win. The long-term cost is that your child may not feel capable. And they not become a persistent learner, meaning they will give up easily when faced with a difficult problem to solve.

如果帮孩子写作业，当然很好。也就是短暂的胜利。但是长期来看，孩子会对学习变得不耐心，难以持之以恒学习，在面对困难问题的时候很容易放弃

“If you're always helping with their homework, what you're effectively telling them is, ‘Hey, kid, you're not capable of being a fourth grader. Don't worry. I'm going to help with your homework.' They begin to feel less capable. They begin very reliant on parents to correct and perfect their academic work. It's not preparing them to be the persistent learners who will be successful in life.

“如果你老是帮助自己孩子做作业，你就像是在告诉他们‘孩子，你看上去学习不是很行，但是别担心，我会帮助你，作业也不会那么难，久而久之，孩子变得很依赖父母帮他们纠错。孩子也很难保持耐心去学习，甚至自己一个人去好好生活’”

Four ways to stop over-parenting 

4种方法杜绝过度照顾孩子

So what can parents do if they want to break the over-parenting “helicopter” cycle? Lythcott-Haims offers four ways to stop hovering over your children.

父母怎么才能狠下心来放弃过度照顾自己的孩子。Julie Lythcott-Haims提供了四条建议

    "We have to stop saying 'we' when we mean 'our son or our daughter.' All too often a parent would say 'we are on the travel soccer team.' Well, no, your son is or your daughter is.”

“在说自己的女儿或儿子的时候，不要说we，太多的父母用我们是一条船上的说法了，换一种，your son is or your daughter is”

    “The next thing is we have to stop arguing with all of the adults in our kids' lives. We need to teach our kids to advocate for themselves.”

“第二件事就是不要向孩子议论其他成年人的生活，让孩子关注自己的人生”

    “The third thing is we must stop doing our kids' homework.”

“第三件事就是，不要帮孩子做作业”

    “The fourth thing is we got to build skills, teach them to cross the street, teach them to make a meal, teach them to remember to put their own items in their backpacks, which becomes a briefcase one day."

“第四件事就是教给孩子生活技能，如何过马路、做饭、整理行李等等”

When kids have all the skills to take care of themselves, Lythcott-Haims says, they will be prepared for adulthood.

孩子学会所有独立生活需要的技能以后，他们就准备好迎接成人世界了

I'm Anna Matteo.

 

************更多资料请访问VOA英语学习网（www.tingvoa.com）************

VOA慢速英语新闻听力（VOA Special English），每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/SpecialEnglish/

VOA常速英语新闻听力（VOA Standard English），每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/StandardEnglish/

BBC英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/BBC/

CNN英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/CNN/

CRI英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/CRI/

NPR英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/NPR/

AP NEWS英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/AP/
