标题：VOA慢速英语附字幕：How Do You Talk About Everything? 

听力内容：

From VOA Learning English, this is Words and Their Stories.

这里是VOA词汇典故栏目。

Today let's talk about … everything.

今天我们来说说everything这个词的用法

American English has many ways to talk about everything under the sun.

美式英语里有很多种方式来表达everything

Cradle to grave means an entire life cycle. A cradle is a bed for very young babies. And a grave is a burial place. So from cradle to grave means from birth to death.

Cradle to grave表示人的一个生命周期。Cradle就是婴儿床，grave意思是坟墓，所以Cradle to grave就表示一个人从出生到死亡。

It could be used to describe something that happens over the course of a person's life. For example, “I know a man who lived in the same country village his entire life -- from cradle to grave.” That is a literal use of the expression.

它可以用来概括一个人的一生。例如，"我知道他一直都住在村庄里没有出去过 。Cradle to grave。比较正式的表达。

This expression is often used in business, meaning the entire life cycle of a product or process.

这样的表达还常常用在商业当中，表示产品的整个生命周期

Here is an example:

下面是个例子

"Marcia is responsible for the life of this product from beginning to end." 

“Marcia负责产品的整个流程”

"In other words, she's in charge from cradle to grave."

换句话说，就是：“she's in charge from cradle to grave”

"Correct. Check with her before changing anything." 

“对的，在修改产品之前先征得她的同意”

Another less common way to say cradle to grave is womb to tomb. But that one rhymes.

另外一种和cradle to grave用法类似的短语是womb to tomb，听起来有点押韵

If you like food expressions, you can use soup to nuts, or from beginning to end. A dinner may start with soup and end with nuts.

如果喜欢用食物的短语，那就可以用soup to nuts也是一样的意思，因为晚餐的程序就是先上汤最后上甜点

For example, you could say, “He explained the process to us from soup to nuts ... from beginning to end.”

比如，你可以说；“他将过程从头到尾解释了一遍from soup to nuts”

Everything from A to Z uses the alphabet to give a range of everything. It describes content more than process. It means that nothing important was left out.

Everything from A to Z是用了字母表的顺序来表示一起顺序。常常用来内容而不是过程，表示万无一漏

For example, “The rescue training covered everything from A to Z. The instructors taught everything you need to know for a successful rescue.”

例如，“救援训练已经教会大家所有关于成功救援需要掌握的内容。everything from A to Z”

Everything but the kitchen sink is an expression that means a person included a lot of stuff C maybe too much stuff.

Everything but the kitchen sink常常用来表达一个人带太多东西了

Let's say my friend is going camping for the weekend. And he packs too many things -- things he won't possibly need, like an iron, a toaster and a television. I could say, “He prepared for a weekend of camping and packed everything but the kitchen sink!”

比如说我的一个朋友本周要求露营，但是他带太多东西了，有些东西其实根本不需要，比如：电烙铁、烤面包机和电视，所以我可能就会说：“他为露营准备了一个星期，带了太多东西了。packed everything but the kitchen sink!”

We have many expressions that simply use the word “whole” to make fun phrases that mean “everything." For example, we have the whole ball of wax. When you say the whole ball of wax, you mean everything!

我们常常用whole这个词来指代everything。例如，whole ball of wax，指的就是everything

This expression may have come from a practice in the 1600s, where land was distributed in a sort of lottery. The amount of each portion of land was concealed in a ball of wax and then drawn from a hat. But no one knows for sure if this is the origin.

这个短语源自17世纪，当时土地的分配靠抽签，而每人分的的土地面积都藏在蜡封的小球里，人们从帽子里将球拿出抽签。但是没人知道具体起源到底是不是这样

The origin of the whole nine yards is even more mysterious. It could come from the military, sports or even Scottish dress for men.

而the whole nine yards来历更是扑朔迷离。可能源自军事、运动甚至苏格兰男人穿的裙子里

If you like to use expressions with known origins, use the whole enchilada. An enchilada is a Mexican dish. Vegetables or meat fill a tortilla, and is topped with a sauce. The whole enchilada means the entirety of something, especially something impressive or outstanding.

如果你喜欢有明确来历的用词，那就用the whole enchilada. enchilada 是一种墨西哥菜肴，把蔬菜或者肉塞到玉米面饼里，然后沾上酱吃。The whole enchilada 表示：一个事务的全部，特别是指某些特别突出的事务

For example, “He has a job with money, respect, and personal satisfaction -- the whole enchilada!”

例如，“他的工作收入丰厚，受人们尊敬，而且很有成就感，简直万事俱备（the whole enchilada）”

The word ”shebang” is also used this way. In fact, people used the whole shebang without knowing what a shebang actually is. Word historians do not agree on where “shebang” comes from either. One of the first recorded use of the whole shebang, meaning everything, is in the late 1800s.

Shebang也可以这么用，事实上，人们在用the whole shebang时候还不知道shebang到底是什么。词语历史学家现在对shebang的来历也没有定论。最早有文献记录the whole shebang用法的是在19世纪晚期

If you like expressions that are fun to say, use the whole kit and caboodle.

如果你喜欢有趣点的用法，试试the whole kit and caboodle.吧

And that brings us to the end of this Words and Their Stories.

我们要结束我们今天的节目了

Let us know what you think of the show -- the whole show -- the whole kit and caboodle in the Comments Section. Or try using the expressions you have learned in this program.

请回复我们对我们的节目的看法，the whole kit and caboodle都写在评论栏里。或者用我们今天节目叫你们的用法

I'm Anna Matteo.

 

************更多资料请访问VOA英语学习网（www.tingvoa.com）************

VOA慢速英语新闻听力（VOA Special English），每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/SpecialEnglish/

VOA常速英语新闻听力（VOA Standard English），每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/StandardEnglish/

BBC英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/BBC/

CNN英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/CNN/

CRI英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/CRI/

NPR英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/NPR/

AP NEWS英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/AP/
