标题：VOA慢速英语附字幕：Is Email Stressing You Out? 

标题：VOA慢速英语附字幕：太多电子邮件逼得你发疯了吗？

听力内容：

From VOA Learning English, this is the Health & Lifestyle report.

这里是VOA健康生活频道

Few people would disagree that email makes our lives easier. But misusing email can cause problems. And I'm not talking about hitting the “reply all” button when you didn't mean to.

所有人都同意电子邮件简化了我们的生活。但是过度使用电子邮件会出现问题。这里说的问题并不是指无意中点击了全部回复

Answering all those emails and processing all that information can overload the brain, causing stress.

回复完所有电子邮件和处理所有信息会让大脑出于超负荷运转，导致压力过大

So says the Future Work Centre, a business based in London. This company carries out psychological research on people's experiences in their workplaces.

未来工作中心是一家专门负责调研上班族心理状况的研究公司，总部位于伦敦

The centre's Richard MacKinnon was the lead writer of a report on messaging habits. He calls email a double-edged sword. In other words, email can be both good and bad. Americans also use the saying cuts both ways for something like a double-edged sword.

公司发表的关于信息习惯论文主作者Richard MacKinnon称电子邮件具有两面性，既有好的一面也有坏的一面。美国人喜欢用双刃剑的说法来比喻事务好坏两面

But back to the culture of emailing.

说回电子邮件文化

Emails provide a useful way to communicate. But they could add to tension in the mind, causing stress.

电子邮件使得沟通更加有效。但是也增加大脑紧张情绪导致压力

Come rain or shine, some office workers are under pressure to read and answer emails all day long.

无论外面风吹日晒，办公室一族总是一天到晚都定着巨大压力在收发电子邮件

Jonathan Rowe has an office job in London. His complaint is a common one: too many emails. He says reading work emails when you're at home blurs the boundaries between work and leisure.

Jonathan Rowe是伦敦一名上班族。他最常常抱怨就是：电子邮件太多。而且在家里收发邮件往往让人分不清上下班状态

"Just general day-to-day pressure to be available all the time, to answer emails all the time, to perhaps eat into people's leisure time and blur the boundaries between work and leisure…"

“原本上班才有的压力开始持续一整天，而且一整天都在回复邮件，邮件蚕食了人们正常的下班时间，模糊了上下班界限”

Psychologists are concerned about the pressure that workers bring on themselves. Dr. Richard MacKinnon spoke with VOA News on Skype.

心理学家也担心办公室一族自己给自己施加的压力。Richard MacKinnon医生通过skype接受了VOA新闻采访

He says that email can be a valuable, time-saving communication tool. But it can also be a source of stress and even anger for many of us.

他说：电子邮件的确是有用、省时的工具，但是也给许多人带来压力和愤怒的情绪

He adds that the stress does not come from the number of emails you get. The problems result from when and how you deal with them.

而且压力并不直接来源于接收到的电子邮件数目，而是处理邮件的方式

According to the study, there are two very stressful email behaviors. One is leaving email on all day C and never signing off. The other is reading and answering emails early in the day and late at night.

根据研究，有两种处理邮件方式最能导致压力。其中一个就是一整天都不管邮件，还有一种就是很早或者很晚才阅读和回复邮件

"Checking your email very early in the morning, or checking it late at night, or leaving your email on all day, that has a much stronger relationship with email pressure. So it's not necessarily about how many emails we receive..."

“很早、很晚才查看邮件或者根本就不看邮件会更多感受到邮件给人带来的压力。而和人们到底一天收到多少邮件无关”

Which jobs are most affected by email stress? 

什么工作最受电子邮件带来压力困扰

But not all jobs are equally stressed by email. The jobs most affected by email stress are:

并不是所有人都受邮件困扰。以下就是最受电子邮件困扰几个工作

marketing,

市场

public relations,

公关

media and

媒体

Information Technology

信息技术

Educational experts have also written several reports on how email overloads are stressing out teachers.

教育专家曾经写过几篇报告，关于电子邮件给教师带来的压力

Ways to cut down on your email stress

减少电子邮件带来的压力

MacKinnon says bad email behaviors are linked to higher levels of stress in office workers. The Future Work Centre report gives several suggestions on avoiding email stress.

MacKinnon表示：对于办公室一族来说，不好的阅读电子邮件习惯会导致压力过大。因此未来工作中心给出了如下建议帮助减少压力

Use email with a plan. Do not just react to endless email alerts. If you use an email application, or app, on your device, close it down when you want to be left alone.

有计划的使用电子邮件。不要已收到邮件就马上回复。如果你有接受电子邮件的APP，在你想要放松的时候，请关了它们

Use your “Out of Office” reply more often.

多使用“不再办公室”的回复

If you need to communicate with a co-worker, call or better still walk to their office and talk about it.

如果你需要和自己同事交流，打电话，或者直接到他们办公室面谈比较好

Be careful with the “reply all” option. For example, if you are accepting an invitation to attend training, just write back to those who need to know. Trust me. Other workers on that mailing list will thank you.

尽量不要全部回复。比如，如果你受到参加训练的邀请，直接回复给需要回复的人。相信我，其他不需要收到回复的人会感谢你没有发给他们邮件

And accept the fact that if a matter is urgent employers will call you about it.

你要相信，如果真的是万分紧急事件，你的同事会打电话通知你

The Future Work Centre report claims that in 2014, people sent an estimated 196.3 billion emails. The average adult spent more than an hour a day answering emails.

未来工作中心报告称：在2014年，人们一个发出1万963亿封电子邮件，每个成年人平均花费一个小时回复邮件

Email is certainly not going anywhere. So, it is important to control your emails and not the other way around.

电子邮件不是能入侵所有角落的，所以不要被邮件所控制，也不要总是围着它转就很重要

I'm Anna Matteo.
 

************更多资料请访问VOA英语学习网（www.tingvoa.com）************

VOA慢速英语新闻听力（VOA Special English），每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/SpecialEnglish/

VOA常速英语新闻听力（VOA Standard English），每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/StandardEnglish/

BBC英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/BBC/

CNN英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/CNN/

CRI英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/CRI/

NPR英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/NPR/

AP NEWS英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/AP/