标题：VOA慢速英语附字幕：Is There More Lying In This Election? 

标题：VOA慢速英语附字幕：这场大选中还有更多谎言存在吗？

听力内容：

Did you know that U.S. General John Pershing shot 49 terrorists with bullets covered in pig's blood?

你知道John Pershing将军射杀49名恐怖分子的时候使用的子弹是抹了猪血的吗？

No?

知道吗？

But presidential candidate Donald Trump told that story to at least 2,000 people at a campaign rally recently.

最近一次总统竞选拉票活动中，候选人唐纳德川普就当着2000人的面说了这个故事

The story is nothing more than Internet rumor, according to Snopes.com. It found “nothing that documents” the story about General John Pershing in the Philippines more than 100 years ago.

其实这个故事只是网上的传闻，因为，根本就没有文件资料记载John Pershing曾经在100年前去过菲律宾

Trump's story on General Pershing is one of a large number of untrue or unconfirmed statements from the 2016 U.S. presidential election.

川普的故事仅仅是2016年美国总统大学中编织出的大量谎言中其中一个

Is this an unusual campaign season?

今年选举有特别意义吗？

There is no “scientific way” to know if more lies are being told in this campaign than any other, according to Dartmouth College political scientist Brendan Nyhan.

没有科学方法可以检测到底哪次总统竞选说的谎最多

“With that said, I think it is fair to say Donald Trump is” going beyond “norms for inaccuracy among top presidential candidates,” he said.

“但是我可以确定，唐纳德川普说的故事并不是所有候选人说的故事里最不靠谱的”

Long history of telling a lie in politics

政治上撒谎早有历史

Telling a lie or falsehood is not new to American politics. Even the 16th president, Abraham Lincoln, known as “Honest Abe,” did not always tell the truth.

政治上撒谎并不是新鲜事，早在16世纪。，美国总统林肯，也就是诚实的阿比，也不总是说实话

He did not tell members of Congress about negotiations to end the Civil War in 1865, according to a 2014 James Conroy book on Lincoln. It is called, “Our One Common Country: Abraham Lincoln and The Hampton Roads Peace Conference Of 1865.”

他向国会隐瞒了在1865年内战结束后所做秘密协定内容，在一本名叫“我们共同的国家：亚伯拉罕林肯和汉普顿路1865年和平会议”书中揭露了这一事实

A newspaper backing John Adams for president in 1800 said that if his opponent, Thomas Jefferson, was elected, terrible things would happen.

报纸上记载了约翰亚当在1800年竞选总统时候说过：一旦他的对手当选，也就是托马斯杰斐逊，将会发生很可怕的事情

“Murder, robbery, rape, adultery and incest will be openly taught and practiced,” the newspaper said. That information comes from the Miller Center at the University of Virginia.

“谋杀、抢劫、强奸、通奸和乱伦都会被提倡。”

Telling a lie in the 2016 campaign

2016年选举中谎言

PolitiFact.org is a news site that studies and rates the accuracy of claims from government officials and political candidates.

Politifact.org新闻网站专门揭露总统候选人说话可信程度

Among leading Republican presidential candidates, Politifact reviewed 93 statements from Trump and rated 77 percent of them as false. It rated 59 percent of Senator Ted Cruz's 79 statements and 42 percent of Senator Marco Rubio's 136 statements as false. Cruz is from Texas, and Rubio from Florida.

在共和党总统候选人当中，politifact回顾了唐纳德说过了93则声明，其中有77%是错的。而参议院泰德科鲁兹79个声明59%错误率，马克罗比136声明，42%错误率。科鲁兹来自德州，罗比来自佛罗里达

On the Democratic side, the site rated 28 percent of Hillary Clinton's 150 statements and 32 percent of Bernie Sanders' 64 claims as false.

民主党这比，希拉里150声明，20%错误率。桑德斯64声明32%错误率

The website also has a “Pants on Fire!” rating for the most inaccurate claims from the candidates. Trump again leads all candidates in that rating.

此外还有最荒谬说法排行，川普又一次一马当先

During his victory speech in New Hampshire in February, Trump called the 5 percent unemployment rate reported by the government as “phony.” He said, "The number's probably 28, 29, as high as 35. In fact, I even heard recently 42 percent." Not true, according to PolitiFact.

在2月川普在新汉普夏举行的胜利讲话中，他说：政府说的现在只有5%失业率根本就是撒谎，实际数字可能有28%、29%甚至35%。实际上可能高达42%，但是politifact证实这一说法是错误的

Trump rejected PolitiFact's criticism. He said the group is a “left-wing group” and treats him unfairly. PolitiFact said it holds conservatives and liberals to the same fact-checking standards.

川普对此表示不认同。他称该新闻网站是左翼组织，对他不公平。但是网站强调自己完全是公平公正公开的检查每一个事实

During a January debate in Iowa, Senator Cruz claimed that President Barack Obama's health care program is the nation's “biggest job killer.”

一月在洛瓦举行的辩论上，参议院科鲁兹称总统奥巴马医保项目极大挫伤就业率

Not true, Politifact said. “Not only has the number of jobs gone up, but the number of unwilling part-timers has gone down.”

改变不是，“不仅仅就业率上去了，连不愿意做兼职的人也少了”

In January, Senator Rubio said to the Meet the Press news program that he would not negotiate prisoner exchange with Iran. The Republican candidate said, “When I become president of the United States, … it will be like Ronald Reagan, where as soon as he took office the hostages were released from Iran."

1月，参议院罗比在举行新闻媒体见面会上说，他不会和伊朗协商交换人质。“一旦我成为总统，我会和里根一样，一旦他当选，人质就会回到美国”

Not true. Politifact wrote, “The Carter administration negotiated the deal months before Reagan's inauguration, without involvement by Reagan or his transition team. Rubio's claim is an imaginative re-reading of history.”

不对，“在里根就职数月前谈判交易中，里根根本就没有参与过。罗比根本就是在想象杜撰历史”

PolitiFact labeled false Hillary Clinton's statement: “We now have more jobs in solar than we do in oil." And it also called false this statement by Bernie Sanders: “Not one Republican has the guts to recognize that climate change is real."

此外还更正了希拉里声明：“发展太阳能能比石油提供更多机会”，已经桑德斯的：“共和党人没有勇气承认全球变暖的事实”

Lou Jacobson, a senior correspondent for PolitiFact, said some voters want candidates to tell the truth and do not like it when they do not. Other voters, however, “do not always trust or believe” reports that “their candidate” is not telling the truth, he said.

Politifact通讯员表示：投票者就是希望候选人说自己希望听到的事实，其他一些人，“其实也不一定相信候选人是不是说的真话”

Trump is not only delivering more false statements than his top competitors for president. He has been a victim of a few, as well.

川普也不总是比其他候选人要多说错话，只是深受其害的少数人之一

FactCheck.org said this about a Ted Cruz advertisement ,saying Trump bulldozed the home of an elderly widow to build a parking lot for his New Jersey casino:

泰德科鲁兹电视广告中说：川普威胁他在新泽西新家附近一个老寡妇要她把房子让出来给他建停车场

“The ad leaves the false impression that the widow lost her home, and she didn't,” FactCheck said. What did happen was that a government agency, acting on behalf of Trump, tried to obtain the home. But the courts blocked them.

“广告让人们觉得这个老寡妇真的无家可归了，但是其实他没有”实际上是政府机构伪装成川普，试图拆毁建筑物。但是法院阻止了他们的行为

I'm Bruce Alpert.

 

************更多资料请访问VOA英语学习网（www.tingvoa.com）************

VOA慢速英语新闻听力（VOA Special English），每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/SpecialEnglish/

VOA常速英语新闻听力（VOA Standard English），每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/StandardEnglish/

BBC英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/BBC/

CNN英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/CNN/

CRI英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/CRI/

NPR英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/NPR/

AP NEWS英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/AP/
