标题：VOA慢速英语附字幕：North Korea Says It Has Small Nuclear Weapon 

标题：VOA慢速英语附字幕：朝鲜方面表示自己已经有小型核武器

听力内容：

North Korean leader Kim Jong Un said Wednesday his country has developed nuclear weapons of a size small enough for a ballistic missile.

周三，朝鲜领导人金正恩表示：朝鲜已经研发出小型核武器，可以用来发射定位导弹

This is the first time the North Korean leader has made such a claim.

这也是朝鲜领导人第一次发表此声明

The state Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) reported Wednesday that Kim met with nuclear scientists and technicians. It said they discussed "research conducted to tip various types of tactical and strategic ballistic missiles with nuclear warheads."

朝鲜中央电视台报道：周三金正恩会见了研发核武器的科学家和技术人员，讨论了利用核武器导弹进行各种战略战术的细节

The agency also published photographs that appeared to show the North Korean leader visiting a factory where the warheads were made.

电视台还放出了朝鲜领导人参观核导弹弹头制造工厂的画面

The authenticity of the photos could not be independently confirmed. A number of military experts have said they question the North Korean claim.

照片的真实性还没有被证实，但是许多军事专家对朝鲜声明感到质疑

U.S. military leaders have said in the past that North Korea has the right connections and technology to develop a small nuclear device. However, the country has yet to demonstrate that ability.

美国军方领导人过去曾经说过：朝鲜具有连接小型核设备的技术，但是到目前为止是否能应用还为止

The claim comes as North Korea faces intense international pressure because of its recent nuclear and missile tests.

朝鲜核试验和导弹实验过后，又做出此声明，现在朝鲜面临国际巨大压力

North Korea's public diplomacy, or lack of it, has only increased the pressure. Last week, North Korea answered new United Nations sanctions by firing projectiles into the sea. Kim also threatened to carry out a nuclear strike against South Korea and the United States.

朝鲜公共外交手段，或者根本就没有外交只是加重了这种压力。上周，朝鲜对联合国制裁协议的回应是向海里发射导弹。金正恩威胁将对韩国和美国投放核武器

History of confrontational words

长久以来的对抗

Brian Myers studies North Korean propaganda. He wrote the 2010 book, “The Cleanest Race: How North Koreans See Themselves and Why it Matters.”

Brian Myers一直研究朝鲜问题，在2010年写的书中：“最纯洁的民族，朝鲜人们如果看待自己，以及原因”

He said the North's confrontational public relations campaigns go back to the country's founder, Kim Il Sung. He came to power with the help of the Soviet Union at the end of World War II.

他表示：朝鲜对外界实行抗议性外交历史要追溯到朝鲜第一代领导人金日成。他在苏联结束二战之后掌权

?Myers is an associate professor of International Studies at Dongseo University in South Korea. He said North Korea uses threats and warlike language as a way to get the U.S. government to react.

Brian Myers是韩国首尔大学国际研究副教授。他表示：朝鲜使用威胁和挑衅的语气是为了激起美国政府回应

"This rhetoric is the North's way of saying to Washington, ‘You guys better keep us on the front burner because we are just as ready to fight and die as your enemies in the Middle East are.'”

“这是朝鲜对美国表示抗议的一种方式”，“你们最好不要管我们，因为我们一直准备和你们在中东敌人一样，和你们死磕到底”

In recent years, North Korea's language has become stronger and more bellicose. Myers says that is partly because more information from overseas is entering the North.

最近几年，朝鲜话语变得越来越强硬和好战，Brian Myers认为一部分原因是越来越多海外消息漏入朝鲜。

"In the old days, the regime could make very peaceful noises to the outside world and make very bellicose racist noises in what I call megaphone propaganda, the sort of thing that North Koreans get in their farms and factories.

“过去，封闭的管理制定可以有效在他们的市民间宣传外界各民族都是很好战的。”

But now, as more and more North Koreans access outside sources of information, as you just said, the regime is under much and more pressure to speak in one voice. And that means making much the same warlike and often racist noises in export propaganda that it has always made on the home front."

但是现在，朝鲜人可以接触到越来越多外面的消息，就正如你刚刚所说：现在朝鲜政府越来越难以控制民众可以知道的消息。也就是说为了保护家园，对外宣传更多好战言论成了有利因素

Myers says North Korea's warlike statements are meant to increase a sense of national pride. Outside the country, they are designed to increase anti-American feelings in South Korea and other countries.

Brian Myers认为：朝鲜好战声明是为了提供整个国家自信心，还计划增加韩国和其他国家反美情绪

This use of language may be counterproductive. However, Myers believes this rhetoric reflects the uncompromising position of the North Korean leadership.

这种使用语言的方式可能只会起到反作用，但是Brian Myers相信这种论调恰恰反映了朝鲜领导人不肯妥协的态度

"Those are ultranationalists, who are genuinely outraged by the presence of American troops in South Korea, who remain genuinely committed to reunifying the peninsula. And this is the problem with ultranationalists everywhere, is that it's very difficult for them to put themselves in the shoes of other nations, of other races, and has great difficulty presenting itself in a sophisticated way to them.”

“朝鲜人都是极端民族主义分子，对美国在韩国驻军感到很愤怒，希望朝鲜半岛能够重新统一。问题的关键是极端民族主义分子那里都有，对他们，如果让他们去别的国家变成别的民族是很困难的。”

I'm Mario Ritter.

 

************更多资料请访问VOA英语学习网（www.tingvoa.com）************

VOA慢速英语新闻听力（VOA Special English），每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/SpecialEnglish/

VOA常速英语新闻听力（VOA Standard English），每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/StandardEnglish/

BBC英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/BBC/

CNN英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/CNN/

CRI英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/CRI/

NPR英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/NPR/

AP NEWS英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/AP/