标题：VOA慢速英语附字幕：Obama Names Garland to Supreme Court 

标题：VOA慢速英语附字幕：奥马巴提名加兰为最高法院法官

听力内容：

President Barack Obama has nominated Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court.

美国总统奥巴马提名梅里克加兰为最高法院大法官

Garland, 63, is viewed as a moderate, based on his 19 years on the Washington, D.C. appeals court. He is now the court's chief judge. He won Senate confirmation in 1997 by a 76-23 vote. He had been nominated by former Democratic President Bill Clinton.

现年63岁的加兰是温和派，他在华盛顿最高法院工作了19年，现任法院主法官。1997年以76赞成23反对拿下参议员职位。还曾经被前民主党总统比尔克林顿提名最高法官

“This is the greatest honor of my life,” Garland said from the White House Rose Garden.

“提名对我来说是至高无上的荣耀”加兰在白宫玫瑰接受采访时表示

Garland worked for many years as a federal prosecutor. He led the team that prosecuted the Oklahoma City bombing, in which 168 were killed and more than 680 were injured. He also prosecuted American terrorist Theodore Kaczynski, known as the “Unabomber.”

加兰干了许多年联邦检察官，他曾经带领团队成功起诉俄克拉荷马州发生的爆炸案嫌犯，当时一共造成168人死亡，超过680人受撒谎能够；以及美国恐怖分子Theodore Kaczynski

“Judge Garland is a brilliant jurist whom I've admired ever since he was my constitutional law student,” said Laurence Tribe of Harvard University's Law School. “His modesty, humility, and moderation make him a particularly suitable choice for these divided times.”

“加兰法官是一位出色的法官，从他来上我的宪法课时我就对他赞赏不已”。哈佛大学法学院Laurence Tribe表示。“他的谨慎、谦虚和温和处事态度，特别适合在现在这个动荡时候任职”

The other finalists were Sri Srinivasan, 47, an appellate court judge, who would have been the first Indian-American Supreme Court judge, and Paul Watford. Wadford is a California federal judge and would have been the Supreme Court's second African-American judge.

另外提名名单上的人有，现年47岁的上诉法院法官拉美籍Sri Srinivasan，加州联邦政府黑人法官Paul Watford.

The Supreme Court has a vacancy because of the death last month of conservative Justice Antonin Scalia. Court decisions will be made by eight members until a ninth is confirmed.

由于上月最高法院大法官之一保守党法官Antonin Scalia突然实施，最高法院职位出现了空缺。但是，最高法院只能在9名法官都在任的情况下才能做判决

The stakes could not be higher. The court is divided between conservative and liberal justices. The newly appointed justice could change the direction of the Supreme Court for years.

但是新法官的认可度还不高。最高法院法官由保守党和自由党组成，最新的任命情况将会改变数年内最高法院格局。

The White House said that Garland has had Republican support in the past, and should again.

白宫方面表示：加兰过去曾经获得过共和党支持，现在应该也一样

But past support from Republicans might not matter now.

但是，过去来自共和党支持可能现在将不复存在

Senate Republican leaders say they will not consider any Obama nomination. They say they want the next president to choose the Supreme Court nominee. They hope voters in November will elect a Republican president, who would name a conservative to the court.

参议院共和党领导人表示：他们反对奥巴马的提名。他们希望下任总统来任命大法官人选。而在11月大选中，希望人们可以选共和党人当总统，届时共和党总统会任命一位保守党法官

On Monday, the Republican National Committee (or RNC) announced it will start running TV advertisements to oppose any Obama nominee.

周一，共和党国家委员会宣布：他们将在电视上播放反对奥巴马任何任命行为的广告

RNC Chairman Reince Priebus said Republicans plan to “make sure Democrats have to answer to the American people for why they don't want voters to have a say in the process.”

RNC主席Reince Priebus表示：共和党人计划是“逼迫民主党人出来回应，为什么在任命大法官时候他们不希望美国选民出来搅局”

Democrats say a president has a responsibility to fill a vacancy in America's most important court. It does not matter, they say, whether the opening occurs in a president's first year in office or his last.

民主党人士表示：总统有义务马上填补美国最重要法院职务空缺。而且这和总统到底是第一年还是最后一年上任没有关系。

The White House said Monday that its supporters would start a campaign to pressure the Senate to vote on the president's nominee.

白宫表示：周一，总统的支持者将会给参议院施压，让他们通过总统提名

Obama told CNN he was choosing a “consensus candidate” to replace Scalia.

奥巴马告诉CNN：他选择了“最完美人选”来接任scalia

Democratic Senator Charles Schumer of New York said Senate Republicans would pay a political price if they do not consider the president's nominee.

民主党纽约参议员Charles Schumer表示：如果共和党参议员不接受总统提名，他们将付出政治代价

“To say that there will be no hearing, no vote, no consideration whatsoever even before a nominee is named to a vacancy, that is not doing your job; that is quitting before you start,” he said.

“不倾听民声、不采取民主投票、甚至不给空缺职位提名的机会，如果这样做，就是在渎职，在工作前就选择无所作为”他表示

Some have called on Obama to name a woman to the Supreme Court. There are three women justices now on the High Court. Obama appointed two of them: Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan.

还有一些人希望奥巴马任命一位女性大法官。因为现在在最高法院一共有3名女性法官。奥巴马任命了其中2位：Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan.

Terry O'Neill, an attorney and president of the National Organization for Women, said the president should nominate a “well-qualified person” who is “dedicated to human and civil rights.”

全国妇女协会代理律师、主席Terry O'Neill认为：总统应该任命一位完全符合条件，能够完全将自己奉献给维护人权和美国人民权益的大法官

A woman, she said, particularly an African-American woman, would bring more balance to the Supreme Court.

选一位女性大法官，特别是黑人女性大法官能给最高法官大法官组成带来平衡

“Life experience matters,” O'Neill told VOA. “If you understand in your gut what it means to wake up afraid about a missed period, it clues you in to the extraordinary damage of Texas' shutdown law for abortion providers.”

“对生活的体验很重要” Terry O'Neill,告诉VOA。“因为只有女人了解，某一天醒来，自己经期不来意味着什么，也就懂得了德州制定的关闭所有堕胎医院是多么残酷的决定”

O'Neill was referring to a case just argued in the Supreme Court over a state abortion law in Texas. The law requires abortion facilities to meet tough new standards. Abortion providers say the standards are not needed and will shut down most health centers that perform abortions. Supporters say the new law protects the health of women.

Terry O'Neill提到了最近正在最高法院讨论的德州堕胎法。法律要求所有提供堕胎手术医院必须符合严格要求。堕胎手术医生表示：法律中许多规定根本就不需要，只会逼得更多医院不肯实施堕胎手术。但是也有支持者表示：新法律保护女性健康

The High Court is said to be divided 4-4 on how to rule on that case.

最高法院表示，现在他们对此问题分成了2派意见

I'm Bruce Alpert.

 

************更多资料请访问VOA英语学习网（www.tingvoa.com）************

VOA慢速英语新闻听力（VOA Special English），每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/SpecialEnglish/

VOA常速英语新闻听力（VOA Standard English），每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/StandardEnglish/

BBC英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/BBC/

CNN英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/CNN/

CRI英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/CRI/

NPR英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/NPR/

AP NEWS英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/AP/
