标题：VOA慢速英语附字幕：Obama Begins Historic Visit to Cuba 

标题：VOA慢速英语附字幕：奥巴马访问古巴

听力内容：

President Barack Obama has arrived in Cuba, becoming the first American president to visit the island nation in almost 90 years while still in office.

美国总统奥巴马抵达古巴，成为两国断交90年以来第一位在任期间访问古巴的美国总统

Moments after the president's plane landed at Jose Marti airport in Havana in the rain, he sent a Tweet that said “&iquest;Que bol&aacute; Cuba? Just touched down here, looking forward to meeting and hearing directly from the Cuban people.” “&iquest;Que bol&aacute;?” is an informal Cuban expression that means “How are you?”

当空军一号抵达古巴首都哈瓦那jose marti机场时，天空下起了小雨，总统奥巴马发了一条推文：“&iquest;Que bol&aacute; Cuba，我已经抵达古巴，我要好好倾听古巴人民的声音，和他们近距离接触。” &iquest;Que bol&aacute; Cuba是古巴语中表达“你好吗”非正式用法。

At the airport, American and Cuban officials met Obama. CNN reported that some of the Cuban officials who greeted Mr. Obama had been forced to leave the United States after being accused of spying for Cuba. Cuban President Raul Castro did not welcome President Obama at the airport.

古巴和美国政府领导人都在机场欢迎奥巴马到来。CNN报道：一些前来欢迎奥巴马的政府官员曾经因为被指控间谍罪而被美国驱逐出境。古巴总统没有到机场迎接奥巴马

Michelle Obama and their two daughters joined the president for the three-day-visit.

总统夫人和他的两个女儿也期间随行。此次访问将持续3天

A new beginning

新的开始

The president says the trip will be a new beginning in the relationship between the former Cold War enemies. At the State Department last week, he said “diplomacy -- including having the courage to turn a page on the failed policies of the past -- is how we've begun a new chapter of engagement with the people of Cuba.”

总统表示：此次出访将改善两国自冷战时期起处于敌对的关系。美国政府上周表示：“我们要承认自己过去在古巴外交政策上的失败，这也是我们两国开启外交新篇章的基础”

In Havana, workers put up American and Cuban flags along with a new coat of paint in Old Havana.

在哈瓦那，工人们把美国和古巴两国国旗都刷在了墙壁上

Cubans have eagerly awaited the president's visit as a sign of change for the country.

古巴人民热情盼望美国总统到访古巴，并将此视为两国关系改善的绝好时机

Yohana is a 45-year-old lab specialist in Havana. She says that the embargo has caused much damage to the Cuban health system. Jan Carlos, a 14-year-old student, hopes the visit will lead to improved communications between countries and better access to the internet and social media.

Yohana现年45岁，居住在哈瓦那，是一名实验室研究员。她表示：对古巴采取的禁运制裁使得古巴医疗系统受到严重破坏。14岁学生Jan Carlos希望总统此次访问结束后，古巴可以加强和其他国家在互联网和社交媒体交流

Hector Artigas is a 70-year-old retired worker in Havana. He says Cuban should be alert despite improved relations with the U.S.

但是70岁退休工人Hector Artigas则表示：尽管现在古巴和美国关系有所缓和，但是还是需要保持警惕

Obama hopes his visit to Cuba this week will strengthen efforts between the two countries to improve their diplomatic and economic relations 55 years after they ended.

奥巴马希望本周出访古巴之后，两国关系可以继续加强在外交和经济方面联系，重新建立55年前那样的关系

The two countries restarted diplomatic relations eight months ago.

两国在8个月前宣布重新建交

Obama believes the restarting of relations with Cuba is one of the most important foreign policy decisions of his presidency. He has said that the policy of trying to isolate Cuba has failed.

奥巴马认为：和古巴恢复建交使他总统任期内完成的最重要的外交决策之一，因为原先的孤立古巴的外交政策完全是失败的

Obama to meet Raul Castro and to address Cuban people

奥巴马将会见古巴总统保罗卡斯特罗，并在古巴发表全国演说

?On Monday, the president is to meet with Cuban President Raul Castro. He will then meet with Cubans who are operating their own businesses to talk about economic ties between the U.S. and Cuba.

周一，奥巴马将会见古巴总统卡斯特罗。之后，接见古巴私人企业家，讨论如何加强两国之间经济合作

Tuesday morning, he will speak to the Cuban people on state-run television. He will tell them how he wants the relationship between the two countries to develop.

周二上午，将在古巴国家电视台发表电视演说，表达自己对两国未来关系发展的希望

Ben Rhodes is the president's deputy national security advisor. He told reporters that the speech will also be a chance for the president to discuss the difficult history of relations between the United States and Cuba. Rhodes said the president will tell “how the United States and Cubans can work together (and) how the Cuban people can pursue a better life.”

总统国家安全顾问Ben Rhodes表示：发表电视演说恰好给了总统一个机会，讨论两国之间错综复杂的历史关系。只要两国携手合作，古巴人民生活就会有很大提高

Obama will meet with human rights activists during his trip. The Cuban government opposes the meetings, but the Obama administration said it refused to negotiate with Cuban officials about who the president would meet and what they would talk about.

在出访中，奥巴马还会接见当地人权组织成员。古巴政府对此表示反对。但是奥巴马政府拒绝与古巴政府协商自己在古巴期间接见的人以及将要讨论的内容

The Cuban government recently released some political prisoners and has let some people use the Internet. But in 2015, Human Rights Watch reported that Cuba “continues to rely on arbitrary detention to harass and intimidate individuals who exercise their fundamental rights.” The rights group said detentions had increased since the two countries restarted diplomatic relations.

古巴政府近期释放了一些政治犯以及允许一部分人使用互联网。但是在2015年，人权观察员报告：“古巴仍旧在继续使用非法拘留、虐待和恐吓任何要求基本人权的个人”人权组织表示自从两国外交关系缓和之后，非法扣留人数增多了

Continued opposition at home

美国国内反对声音

Some of President Obama's political opponents also say Cuba is guilty of rights abuses. They have strongly criticized the president's visit to the Communist nation.

共和党人认为：古巴对虐待表示有罪。但是也强烈批评总统古巴之行，认为总统不应该出访共产主义国家

Representative Ed Royce is the chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee. In a statement, he said canceling the embargo “will further prop up a communist regime in Cuba that has a long record of brutal human rights abuses.”

国家外交事务委员会会长Ed Royce在一则声明中表示：取消对古巴制裁只会助长古巴那些滥用权力的共产主义者

On Friday, Speaker of the House Paul Ryan said “this is a regime that provides safe harbor to terrorists and fugitives."

周一，两院发言人Paul Ryan说：“共产主义制度只会给恐怖主义和逃亡者提供庇护所”

Because the president's political opponents control both the House and Senate, experts say it is not likely that Congress will approve the cancellation of the embargo.

因为共和党人在控制两院，专家预测：国会很有可能不会通过取消制裁议案

But five Republican lawmakers are traveling to Cuba with Obama. And at least 15 Republican senators have said restrictions on travel to and trade with Cuba should be eased.

但是奥巴马随行的还有5名共和党议员。目前至少有15名共和党参议员表示：应该放松去古巴旅游和贸易限制

I'm Jonathan Evans.

 

************更多资料请访问VOA英语学习网（www.tingvoa.com）************

VOA慢速英语新闻听力（VOA Special English），每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/SpecialEnglish/

VOA常速英语新闻听力（VOA Standard English），每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/StandardEnglish/

BBC英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/BBC/

CNN英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/CNN/

CRI英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/CRI/

NPR英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/NPR/

AP NEWS英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/AP/
