标题：VOA慢速英语附字幕：Russia Says It Will Withdraw From Syria 

标题：VOA慢速英语附字幕：俄罗斯将从叙利亚撤军

听力内容：

Russian President Vladimir Putin has ordered Russian forces to withdraw from Syria, Russian state media report.

俄罗斯国家电视台报道：俄罗斯总统普京已经下令从叙利亚撤军

The move comes on the same day that United Nations peace talks begin in Geneva, Switzerland.

当天，在瑞士日内瓦召开了联合国组织的叙利亚和平谈判

Putin told his defense and foreign ministers that the task of Russian forces in Syria had been fulfilled, according to Russian state-media.

普京对俄罗斯国防部和外交部部长表示：俄罗斯军队在叙利亚的任务已经圆满完成

Putin said the withdrawal would begin March 15, but no time limit was given.

普京表示：撤军将从3月15日还是执行，但是没有提到完全撤军需要多久

A Russian government website said Putin spoke to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad by telephone. It said they had agreed to withdraw the "main part" of the Russian air force group operating in Syria.

俄罗斯政府网站上表示：俄罗斯总统普京曾经与叙利亚总统阿萨德有过电话通话，双方已经同意从叙利亚撤出俄罗斯空军的主要队伍

The website said Russia would maintain a "post" for supporting aircraft that observe the ceasefire in Syria.

网站上还说：俄罗斯会持续关注叙利亚停火协议

However, a U.S. official told VOA that, so far, there is “no indication” Russian forces are getting ready to pull out of Syria.

但是，美国政府官员告诉VOA：到目前为止，还没有看到俄罗斯军队有准备撤出叙利亚

Peace talks begin

和平谈判开始

Earlier, the U.N. diplomat for Syria warned that failed peace talks will result in an "even worse war than we had so far."

本月早些时候，联合国叙利亚问题大使警告：一旦和平谈判破裂，将会有更加不可想象的战争发生

U.N. special envoy Staffan de Mistura began a new round of peace talks Monday in Geneva.

联合国特别代表Staffan de Mistura在日内瓦组织了新一轮和平谈判

De Mistura said it is up to the people of Syria to decide their future, and the U.N. must help them.

Staffan de Mistura现在该到了叙利亚人民决定自己祖国未来走向的时刻了，联合国必须竭尽全力帮助他们

He said the U.N. plans to hold talks with each side for about 10 days. The next round of negotiations would start again in early April. The envoy said he believes this will map the peace process.

他表示：联合国计划组织为期10天的各方谈判。下一轮协商将在4月初举行。代表相信此次谈判将为叙利亚和平进程画下蓝图

De Mistura said, "By then, we believe that we should have at least a clear roadmap C I'm not saying an agreement, but a clear roadmap C because that is what Syria is expecting from all of us."

Staffan de Mistura说：“到目前为止，我们认为应该规划出明确的停战计划，并不是只只有一纸协议，而是明确步骤，因为这是叙利亚人民所热切盼望的”

He also stressed the need to maintain what is called a “cessation of hostilities,” or ceasefire. That ceasefire, now over two weeks long, has permitted humanitarian aid into areas of conflict.

他还强调要维护目前双方达成的停火协议。现在，停火协议已经持续了2周，许多人道主义救援已经可以到达冲突地区了

But serious questions remain about what each side will accept to stop the fighting. More than 270,000 people have been killed since the conflict began. Millions of people have been forced to flee their homes. Many have risked their lives to reach Europe, which now faces a crisis of handling the refugees.

但是，问题的关键在于是否各方都愿意停止战争。因为从战争开始之初到目前为止，已经有超过270000人为此丧命。成千上百万人被迫逃离，许多人冒险偷渡到欧洲，导致欧洲面临难民危机

Syria firm on support for Assad

叙利亚坚定支持阿萨德

Syria's Foreign Minister has warned that the future of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is not negotiable. However, the opposition and other critics, including the United States, say Assad must step down.

叙利亚外长警告：叙利亚总统阿萨德未来是否应该留任不应该列为讨论内容。但是，反对党和其他各国，包括美国都认为阿萨德必须下台

De Mistura said Monday there is "much distance" between the opponents.

Staffan de Mistura周一表示：现在各个党派之间分歧还是很大

World powers, including the U.S. and Russia, and Syrian neighbors, reached an agreement last year in Vienna. That has been the basis for these peace negotiations. That includes a call for a ceasefire and Syrians creating a roadmap for a new constitution, and elections overseen by the U.N.

其他世界列强，包括美国和俄罗斯以及叙利亚邻国，去年都已经在维也纳达成协议。协议内容也成为了这几次和平谈判基础。包括叙利亚停火协议，以及规划制定新的宪法和在联合国监督下重新大选

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry noted Sunday violence has been "hugely reduced" by 80 to 90 percent since the ceasefire started.

美国国务卿约翰特里在周日特别强调：从停火协议开始之后，双方交战已经减少了80%到90%

But he accused the Syrian government of "clearly trying to disrupt” the peace talks. Kerry added that Assad's forces are the "single biggest violator" of the ceasefire. Rebel groups also have been accused of violating the agreement.

但是他还是指责叙利亚政府明显想要破坏和平谈判，因为主要是阿萨德军队违反停火协议，叛军也曾经被指违反停火协议

Kerry spoke after talking with top British, French, German and Italian diplomats in Paris about the Syrian crisis.

特里是在与英国、法国、德国和意大利高级外长在巴黎讨论叙利亚危机时发表此言论

U.N. officials say the ceasefire has allowed U.N. and other agencies to deliver food, medicine and aid to 115,000 Syrian civilians. Those civilians have lived in areas under siege. They say last year, aid agencies were unable to reach any of these areas.

联合国方面表示：停火协议的达成已经给联合国和其他机构为叙利亚115000难民输送食物、药物和必要帮助提供了条件。这些百姓生活在为围困的城市当中。去年，任何机构都无法进入被包围的城市

But Kerry said he continues to be “deeply concerned” about the Syrian government stopping delivery of medical and surgical supplies.

但是，特里表示：他仍然很担心叙利亚政府有一天会突然禁止外界向叙利亚人民提供医疗帮助。

I'm Mario Ritter.
 

************更多资料请访问VOA英语学习网（www.tingvoa.com）************

VOA慢速英语新闻听力（VOA Special English），每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/SpecialEnglish/

VOA常速英语新闻听力（VOA Standard English），每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/StandardEnglish/

BBC英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/BBC/

CNN英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/CNN/

CRI英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/CRI/

NPR英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/NPR/

AP NEWS英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/AP/
