标题：VOA慢速英语附字幕：The World Needs More Renaissance People 

标题：VOA慢速英语附字幕：世界需要更多杰出人才 

听力内容：

Hello and welcome to Words and Their Stories.

下面是今天的词汇故事

Each week we report on words and expressions commonly used in American English.

我们每天都会分享一个美国英语里常用词汇表达方法

Today, we talk about people who can do many things.

今天，我们来说说能者

Someone with many abilities often is called a “Jack-of-all-trades” or a “Renaissance person.”

一个人如果有许多技能，会被称作“Jack-of-all-trades”或者 a “Renaissance person.”

A “Jack-of-all-trades” is a person who can do many different jobs. “Jack” is an old word for a worker and a “trade” is a kind of job or skill.

Jack-of-all-trades”指的就是一个人能胜任很多工作。“Jack”过去指的是工人，“trade”指的是工作技能

A Renaissance man or a Renaissance woman is a little different. This expression deals with a person's education and knowledge, not so much with his or her skills.

A Renaissance man 和 a Renaissance woman 有点小小不同。常常用来指一个人很有学问

The word “Renaissance” comes from Old French and means “rebirth.”

Renaissance源自法语，意思是重生

The Renaissance is a period of European history that began in the 14th century. It's a time when Europe began to awaken from the long period known as the Middle Ages.

欧洲的文艺复兴时期始于14世纪，当时欧洲从长时间的中世纪中苏醒

Classical learning from Ancient Greece and Rome was reborn in many parts of Europe.

古典学家从古希腊和古罗马文化当中汲取精华，欧洲很多文化开始复兴

During the Renaissance, people became more interested in learning and educating themselves.

在文艺复兴时期，人们对学习和接受更多教育产生浓厚兴趣

The word renaissance can describe anything that is experiencing a rebirth.

所以Renaissance就用来指任何处于复兴事情的事务

Arts, crafts and musical styles often undergo a renaissance. For example, you might say that currently in the U.S. playing the ukulele is experiencing a renaissance.

艺术、手工艺和音乐常常有这种现象。例如，最近美国挂起的玩尤克里里风潮就是一种复兴

Many people are learning to play this small, Hawaiian guitar. Used in this way, “renaissance” is not capitalized.

许多人开始学习演奏这个小小的夏威夷吉他。用Renaissance来形容这种现象真是恰当不过了

This video features Hawaiian ukulele player and singer Israel "IZ" Kamakawiwo'ole singing "Somewhere Over the Rainbow" with footage of his island home. Beloved around the world, his funeral at sea was much celebrated by his family, friend and fans.

著名夏威夷尤克里里演奏家歌手"IZ" Kamakawiwo'ole演唱的"Somewhere Over the Rainbow"在夏威夷岛上广为流传。来自世界各地深爱他的粉丝、他的家人和朋友一起出席了他的葬礼

In the U.S, the Harlem Renaissance is an African-American cultural movement of the 1920s and 1930s.

在美国the Harlem Renaissance指的是上世纪30年代到40年代美国黑人掀起的文化运动

Named after a neighborhood of New York City, this Renaissance celebrated African-American culture, traditions, and ways of life.

以纽约城邻居命名，the Harlem Renaissance专门庆祝和纪念美国黑人文化、传统和生活方式

However, when talking about people, the term Renaissance man or woman refers to a person who is talented in many areas, especially the arts and sciences. Leonardo da Vinci, Michelangelo and Benjamin Franklin often are called Renaissance men.

但是，当我们讲到人的时候。Renaissance man or woman值得就是在许多方面都很杰出的人才，特别是在艺术和科学方面。Leonardo da Vinci, Michelangelo 和 Benjamin Franklin都称得上是Renaissance men.

Everyone knows about these guys. The names of Renaissance women in history may be less well known. In the past it wasn't as easy for women to get a formal education, even during the “awakening.” Also, women were often too busy at home to study up on their science.

上面提到的人大家可能都有所耳闻。历史上Renaissance women也许就不那么出名了。过去，妇女很难接受正规教育，即使是在文艺复兴事情，妇女往往还是忙于家务，无法学习科学知识

But some women did find time.

但是也有一些妇女做到了家务学习两不误

A German woman named Maria Sibylla Merian (1647-1717) was a Renaissance woman. She spent her life investigating and drawing nature. After her husband died, she and her daughters traveled to Paramaribo, the capital of Suriname. For two years, they observed insects, birds, reptiles and amphibians.

德国Maria Sibylla Merian (1647-1717)就是一位Renaissance woman.她一生致力于调查和描绘动物。在她丈夫死后，她和她的女儿一起去了苏南里首都巴拉马里波。他们花了两年时间观察那里的昆虫、鸟类、爬行类动物和两栖类动物

Her book titled “The Metamorphosis of the Insects of Suriname,” showed Europeans for the first time the great diversity of the South American rain forest.

随后，她出版了一本名为“苏南里昆虫形态”书。欧洲人第一次认识到南美洲热带雨林物种多样性

A more recent example of a Renaissance woman is the Austrian Hedy Lamar.

另外一个Renaissance woman是澳大利亚Hedy Lamar

During the 1930s and 1940s, Lamar was one of Hollywood's biggest movie stars. She was also an inventor.

Hedy Lamar是好莱坞上世纪40年代到50年代最红的女演员，同时她也是一个发明家

During the Second World War, she created a way to protect radio communications from enemy troops. Her method switched radio frequencies in a preprogrammed pattern.

二战期间，她发明了一种可以防止敌军窃听电报的电波传送方式。她的方式是定时切断电波传送

While the Navy did not use the technology, other inventors built upon her idea. Eventually, the U.S. government did use frequency hopping as do many telecommunications companies today.

但是海军当时没有采用她的方法，其他发明家在她想法基础上做了润色。最后，美国政府的确采取了这种方法，现在许多电报公司还在用这种方法

Lamar once said she hated being known for her beauty and not her mind C a problem Renaissance men like da Vinci and Franklin most likely did not have to face.

Hedy Lamar曾经说过她不喜欢别人只关注她的外表而不关注她的内在。像da Vinci and Franklin这类杰出男性不会遇到这类问题

And that brings us to the end of this Words and Their Stories.

我们的词汇故事就要结束了

Do you have a favorite Renaissance woman or man? Do you have a similar word in your language? Let us know in the Comments Section.

你有你最喜欢的伟人吗？在你的语言里有没有类似用法。给我们留言板写评论吧

I'm Anna Matteo.

 

************更多资料请访问VOA英语学习网（www.tingvoa.com）************

VOA慢速英语新闻听力（VOA Special English），每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/SpecialEnglish/

VOA常速英语新闻听力（VOA Standard English），每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/StandardEnglish/

BBC英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/BBC/

CNN英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/CNN/

CRI英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/CRI/

NPR英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/NPR/

AP NEWS英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/AP/
