标题：VOA慢速英语附字幕：Washington's Cherry Blossoms Signal the Start of Spring 

标题：VOA慢速英语附字幕：春天来了，华盛顿特区的樱花开了

听力内容：

The West Potomac Park in Washington, DC, lies just west of the National Mall. It is home to some of Washington's most iconic sites, like the Jefferson Memorial, the Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial, and the Tidal Basin.

位于华盛顿特区国际商城西边的potomac公园里有许多美国著名人物雕像，例如Jefferson Memorial, the Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial, and the Tidal Basin.

But, the park's most famous attraction? Cherry blossoms.

但是，公园最著名的并不是雕像，而是每年春天盛开的樱花

Thousands of cherry trees bloom around the waters of the Tidal Basin, which reflect the trees' images. The basin was created in the late 1800s to prevent the Potomac River from flooding.

the Tidal Basin岸边的樱花一起绽放，倒映在水中形成美丽的画面。the Tidal Basin湖是在上世纪90年代，为了预防potomac河发生洪灾而修建的

These pink and white flowers serve as a symbol of international friendship. The original cherry trees were a gift from Japan.

粉白相间的花儿也象征着美日两国友谊。因为最早的樱花树就是日本送给美国的礼物

On March 26, 1912, more than 3,000 cherry trees arrived in Washington. Most were planted around the Tidal Basin. But cherry trees were also planted near the Washington Monument and the White House.

1912年3月26日，超过3000棵樱花树被运达华盛顿，大部分都种在了the Tidal Basin沿岸，少部分种在华盛顿纪念碑和白宫附近

Mike Litterst is a spokesperson for the U.S. National Park Service. The park service maintains West Potomac Park, and helps protect the cherry trees.

Mike Litterst是美国国家公园服务中心发言人。公园服务中心主要负责维护西potomac公园和保护樱花树

“It's this wonderful gift that's over 100 years old now that, if you will, it's the gift that keeps on giving. The 1912 gift from the people of Japan has grown to this 3,800 trees.”

“这些樱花长在这里已经超过100年了，每年都开花。1912年，日本政府将3800棵樱花树作为礼物送给了我们”
 
The cherry blossoms also serve as a symbol of the beginning of springtime. The trees burst with colors of soft pink and white.

樱花盛开象征着春天开始，届时所有树上都会开满粉白相间的花朵

“The blossoming of the cherry blossoms every spring is sort of the great springtime celebration, not only in the District of Columbia but throughout the United States."

“整个美国，包括哥伦比亚地区，每年春天樱花盛开的时候，都会举行盛大的庆祝仪式。”

Every year, Washington celebrates the arrival of spring with a two-week Cherry Blossom Festival. More than 1.5 million people from around the world visit the nation's capital during the festival. They all hope to see the cherry trees at their “peak bloom.”

每年，华盛顿为了庆祝春天到来，都会举行为期两周樱花节。全世界超过150万游客会在节日期间访问华盛顿赶花期

Park officials define "peak bloom" as the period when 70 percent of Washington's most common cherry tree variety -- the Yoshino trees -- are blooming. Yoshino cherry trees are one of 12 types of cherry trees in Washington. Peak bloom lasts several days each year.

公园管理处将“花期”定义为，华盛顿最普遍的樱花树种Yoshino有70%花盛开时，就表明正值樱花大开时期。华盛顿公园里一共有12个樱花品种，Yoshino是其中一种。每年，樱花盛开时节都能维持好几天

Experts begin making peak bloom predictions in February. Visitors make their travel plans to Washington based on these predictions.

专家从2月就开始预测花期，游客根据专家预测制定自己赏花旅行计划

Some years, the early guesses are correct. Last year, officials correctly predicted the peak bloom six weeks in advance.

花期的预测在某些年份是准确的，比如去年，公园管理处就提前6周准确预测花期

But this year, unpredictable weather in March in Washington has made guessing the “peak bloom” difficult. “Peak bloom” dates have changed many times.

但是今年，由于华盛顿3月天气仍旧变幻莫测，使得预测花期变得很困难。开花日期更改了许多次

“We use a combination of natural indicators - we look at the trees, what are the trees telling us - we look at the historic record, but primarily what we are looking at is the forecast temperatures as we go from February and into March. This year the forecasts were sort of all over the place, which caused us to change considerably.”

“我们使用多种手段预测花期，包括观察樱花树、对比历史记录，最重要的还是观察2月到3月之间天气预报。今年气温变化波动明显，所以我们预测的花期也就一改再改”

Carl Feasley and his family visited the Tidal Basin one day before the 2016 peak bloom was set to begin on March 23. It was his first time to see the cherry blossoms.

Carl Feasley一家赶在2016年3月23日，也就是最终开花期前一天到the Tidal Basin赏花。这是他们一家第一次来看樱花

“We're coming from Buffalo, New York, where it's been winter for, even a mild winter this year, but winter for the past 5 months or so, or so it seems. It's just nice to be out in the sunshine and see evidence of spring all over.”

“我们来自纽约巴弗洛，尽管今年冬天不太冷，但是我们已经过了足足5个月甚至更久冬天。所以，到外面感受感受阳光，体验体验春天还是挺好的”

Virginia Walsh is a Washington, DC local. She said she comes down to the Tidal Basin several times every spring to enjoy the cherry blossoms.

Virginia Walsh就住在华盛顿特区，她说自己每年春天至少要来the Tidal Basin赏花好几次

“I always try to come early, the peak, and then a couple days later. It's normally three times a year. I just love this place.”

“我每年开花前、开花期和开花后都会来。所以每年至少来三次，我太爱这个地方了”

The cherry blossoms may signal the start of spring in Washington. But they have also become a worldwide symbol of Washington itself.

樱花盛开代表华盛顿春天正式来了。但是盛开的樱花也成为了华盛顿一个标志

Bo Wen moved to Washington from China seven years ago. He comes to the Tidal Basin every year during the Cherry Blossom Festival.

Bo Wen在7年前离开中国到了华盛顿工作，每年樱花节他都会来the Tidal Basin赏花

“It's famous. Everywhere you can see like Washington DC Cherry Blossom Festival, on like Twitter and Instagram. In the world everywhere, people just know that.”

“华盛顿樱花节太出名了，无论走到哪，推特、ins上都有人发照片。世界上人人都知道华盛顿樱花节到了”

I'm Ashley Thompson.
 

************更多资料请访问VOA英语学习网（www.tingvoa.com）************

VOA慢速英语新闻听力（VOA Special English），每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/SpecialEnglish/

VOA常速英语新闻听力（VOA Standard English），每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/StandardEnglish/

BBC英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/BBC/

CNN英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/CNN/

CRI英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/CRI/

NPR英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/NPR/

AP NEWS英语新闻听力，每天更新： 
http://www.tingvoa.com/AP/
